# Albumprinter test

This repository contains a basic setup for a JavaScript project. You
will have the luxury of having a fully configured environment that can
build a web application. See "_System requirements_" below to get up
and running! The "_Project outline_" section walks you through a basic
rundown of the structure.

## Contents

Simple DOM interactions (through grabbing templated objects by reference and
attaching event listener).

Scoping example.

See ClickableButton and uncommented Java-counterpart of same code.


## Project outline

The entry point for your JavaScript application is _./js/main.js_. You can use the
CommonJS require/exports pattern to include dependencies. The build script
will ensure these get automatically built for use in your browser.

The project uses SASS as a preprocessor for writing your styles (though you can
write regular CSS inside a .scss file if you would like to). If you choose to use CSS,
you can use _./css/main.scss_ as your entry point SASS file.

All build output will be stored in the _./dist_ folder, this is
automatically generated by the build script and its contents can be ignored.

## System requirements

In order to build the project you will need [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/).

Once you have Node, you will also have NPM available to you. NPM is Node's
package manager which will resolve dependencies for you.

In the root of this repository, you can resolve all these dependencies via
the command line using:

    npm install
    
You can now start developing the application using Gulp (build system/task
runner). by typing:

    gulp dev
    
The following will happen:

 * All JavaScript is included and built for the browser (you may use ES6)
 * All SASS styles are converted into CSS
 * Your browser will open and run the application
 * File watchers are started:
   If you add/remove/change HTML, SCSS or JS files the
   appropriate rebuild tasks are automatically run and your browser will
   be refreshed automatically. This allows you to instantly view the
   results of your changes.

You can add / remove / change files to in the source folder and your
browser will automatically update to reflect the changes.

You can of course use your favourite editor to edit your files.
